Episode 1
Hello, Ritchie.
Hey, Koto-san.
Make that thing that you did earlier.
There's a piece of paper on the wall above you.
You can do anything with the fish you drew there.
Please take a look at that.
Then, if I show this from the nose,
it won't be a big deal.
What's the top of the mouth that's written on the nose?
That's the factory.
The factory?
I thought you were going to pick flowers from the top of the mouth.
Bring me the factory's first person.
I can't do that.
I can't do it after that.
Then, you can refuse.
What's the next thing you're going to do?
It's a soil-based drink.
That's a bad word.
Is it a soil-based drink?
It's a drink because it's soaked in water.
Why is it soaked in water?
It's soaked in water because it's soaked in water.
You spilled it.
That's not it.
When you drink it, it's different.
You're a scholar.
I've never heard of it.
What does it mean when you drink it?
When you drink it, it's...
What?
Don't show your teeth.
What's wrong?
I can't drink it.
Then, try it.
What's the next thing you're going to do?
When you drink it, it's...
Don't scare me.
I can't drink it.
What about the horse?
What?
I'm drunk.
You're so annoying.
You can't drink it.
You're sweating like a banana.
What's a banana?
It's a flower in the middle of your face.
It's a flower.
You're drinking it.
It's a mole.
It's a mole?
There are two of them.
I see.
The one on the side is a bocce.
The one on the top is a horse.
It's not a face. It's a face.
You're not going to pay the money you borrowed.
You're going to be a bad person.
I can't do that.
It's a sake bottle.
I'm sorry.
You're going to break it.
I'm going to drink the one you just drank.
There are fish in the pond.
Please take a look.
It's a pain to go to that place.
Bring that pond here.
I'm sorry.
Please take a look.
What's that red thing on the right corner?
It's an octopus.
Is it alive?
It's not alive.
Is it dead?
Yes.
I didn't know it was alive.
It's red.
It's a shrimp, a crab, an octopus, a shark.
It's a red thing.
It's a red thing?
Yes.
Who's the monkey?
There's no one to show up.
What's the number of the fish?
There are eight.
How many are there?
I don't know.
What are you doing?
I'm going to make a soup.
There are also fish.
What's the big fish on the side?
It's a red fish.
I'm going to make a soup.
What's the knife you're holding?
It's my bat.
Bring me a few.
I want to make a soup.
The End